hey what's up guys I get the question
all the time what do we use my knives
for when I use them for all kinds of
stuff but today I'm doing a little home
project so you see there there's the
porch and it is winter time now and
we're gonna have some really cold days
up here in the north east and the
mountains a lot of strong winds and
stuff so what I did was I went to home
depot I've bought a 100-foot roll four
millimeter thick plastic and I'm
actually going to I just got a staple
gun in a row of staples and I'm going to
try to insulate the the porch here
that's all screened-in cover that the
doors and all these window areas with
this plastic so today turn the camera on
because i want to show you how i'm using
my knife today now today i am using i
have a clip to my hoodie here the blade
tech gone yano light and i'm going to
using that to be cut in a plastic today
i'm doing some rough cuts I don't have
to be super precise but just could be
testing this like I said I just want to
get it on film for you guys like I said
this is kind of an audible thing
something I don't do every day of course
you know not to come in handy pretty
much everywhere in life and especially
on different kinds of projects now I
could use a utility knife but what's the
fun in that right so the first cut I
have to make is 36 inches long roughly
the door
alright so i have my rough cut here and
i was going to grab a sharpie and
everything and do that but only think
that's necessary
alright so the the piece of the screen
door is done and it's stapled up just
hit a couple random staples here in
there to keep it nice and secure that's
all cover plastic all right now I'm do
some trimming now what's important to me
is the base piece on the bottom I'm only
going to trim a little bit off I want to
get it closed because I wanted to
actually rub when you open the door so
it keeps a nice seal with the floor and
there's no no we're coming in the cracks
all right now this is not an exact
science I mean anything I do with the
plastic is definitely going to help I'm
not trying to be totally precise but
again just another reason you need a
knife that's why I'm making this video
so here we go I'm just could be doing a
little little trimming here and there
just want to show you that
a nice sharp knife makes this job very
easy
there you go there's part of the side
the left side is fine now i don't think
i'm gonna film this this is kind of
boring to be honest i'll show you when
everything's done i just want to make a
video just again basically talking about
how how i use my knives this is just a
little project that's plastic again four
millimeter thick plastic but it just
cuts through it like it's nothing it's a
fantastic knife you know why use a
utility knife and you can use an awesome
folder instead you know what's the
difference so again this is the blade
tech gan Jana light and this one's in
the green but so far it's been a great
knife just trying all kinds of stuff for
EDC and in this case is a special
project use so that's all guys just a
little more cutting action for you
thanks for watching I appreciate it i'll
show you the the end result when all the
plastics up
you
all right there it is Down Yonder light
doing its last cut I got some little
stuff through here and there a little
more stapling but you see on my
Christmas crap and clamp this porch now
but anyway let's take a look real quick
stores are accessible from both sides
Plastics up he's got tucking the bottom
ledge and staple that but uh there it is
so i enclose the porch with plastic the
idea behind this is to keep the draft
out and those cold winter winds will
it'll basically hit out here and even
though the house let's say inside the
other will be other side of that wall
obviously the house will be nice and
warm okay and the cold air isn't going
to be slamming against this wall okay
you'll be hitting on the plastic so in
the porch it won't be as cold as outside
but it won't be as warm as inside but
again the whole idea behind this is to
keep the house warmer and to not lending
drafts in as you know readily as it
would if I didn't put the plastic up so
this project cost me it was forty seven
dollars for the role of plastic and took
about yeah 35 minutes 40 minutes to do
that's pretty much it so again another
reason that i use my knives another
purpose for me using knives so that's
all guys take it easy